README.md, before:


# web-workflow-viewer


HTML Workflow viewer for workflow json files exported from Scipion. Developed as a web component - see demo in [index.html](https://github.com/I2PC/web-workflow-viewer/blob/master/index.html). 

To use the web component we need to:

1. Link to webcomponents-loader.js to manage polyfills for browser support. More about polyfills [here](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)
```
<script src="js/webcomponents/webcomponents-loader.js"></script>
```
2. Link to the component itself:
```
<link rel="import" href="scipion-workflow.html">
```
3. Place the viewer wherever it suits best, linking its json file:
```
<scipion-workflow src="workflow.json" height="600px" width="600px"></scipion-workflow>
```

To view the demo, get inside this repo's dir and serve index.html via http:
```
$ cd web-workflow-viewer
$ python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8009
```
Open file on http://localhost:8009 on your browser, you should see something like this:
![viewer-demo](viewer_demo.png)

Learn more about web components [here](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/start/quick-tour) and [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Custom_Elements).

Commit message:

Visualization options improved
- Button added for choosing between detailed or summarized view mode. The latter just displays the most important parameters from each protocol
- Protocols boxes are coloured as in scipion
- Protocol representation images can now be visualized

README.md, after:


# web-workflow-viewer


HTML Workflow viewer for workflow json files exported from Scipion. Developed as a web component - see demo in [index.html](https://github.com/I2PC/web-workflow-viewer/blob/master/index.html). 

To use the web component we need to:

1. Link to webcomponents-loader.js to manage polyfills for browser support. More about polyfills [here](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)
```
<script src="js/webcomponents/webcomponents-loader.js"></script>
```
2. Link to the component itself:
```
<link rel="import" href="scipion-workflow.html">
```
3. Place the viewer wherever it suits best, linking its json file:
```
<scipion-workflow src="workflow.json"></scipion-workflow>
```
4. If you want to see the Scipion representation output images (which is highly recommended), you must paste at project level the "images_representation" folder previously obtained with the [scipion-em-empiar plugin](https://github.com/scipion-em/scipion-em-empiar) 

To view the demo, get inside this repo's dir and serve index.html via http:
```
$ cd web-workflow-viewer
$ python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8009
```
Open file on http://localhost:8009 on your browser, you should see something like this:
![viewer-demo](viewer_demo.png)

Learn more about web components [here](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/start/quick-tour) and [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Custom_Elements).
